About

FeedOnFeeds is a lightweight server-based RSS aggregator and reader,
allowing you to keep up with syndicated content (blogs, comics, and so
forth) without having to keep track of what you've read. Being
server-based means all of your feeds and history are kept in one
place, and being lightweight means you can install it pretty much
anywhere without needing a fancy dedicated server or the like.

FeedOnFeeds was originally written by Steve Minutillo; this fork
strives to stay up-to-date with changes to PHP while improving
security, multiuser support, and overall design.

Requirements

FeedOnFeeds requires:

  • A web server running PHP
  • Access to a PDO-capable database (MySQL and SQLite are currently supported,
    and more are easy to add)
  • Specific features may require specific PHP extensions; it is highly
    recommended (but not required) that you have Xlib, cURL, and iconv.

Installation

To install, simply download a snapshot or clone from your favorite git
repository.  Then copy fof-config.php.dist to fof-config.php and edit
it as appropriate for your setup. If you're on shared hosting, be sure
to point FOF_DATA_PATH to somewhere in your home directory.

After that, point a web browser to install.php; For example, if you've
installed it at http://example.com/fof, go to http://example.com/fof/
install.php.

Upgrading

Upgrading to a newer FeedOnFeeds usually just involves downloading a
new snapshot or issuing a git pull, and then pointing a browser at
install.php again.

Setting up scheduled updates

FeedOnFeeds works best if you have it set to automatically update your
feeds on-the-fly. The best way to do this is to set up a cron job like
so:

    * * * * * curl http://example.com/fof/update-quiet.php

Don't worry about updates occurring too frequently - FeedOnFeeds will
only update feeds which are due for an update. By default it will
update every feed at most once an hour, but if you enable dynamic
update intervals in the admin preferences, it will adjust the polling
update for feeds based on their historical update frequencies.

Legal

FeedOnFeeds is distributed under the GPL.

